This project includes mutiple java files working together using inheritance to pull necessary data and metrics from multiple locations to create a simulated race! The race includes different animal objects that each have their own respective java files as well as some data that is hard coded into the race. To begin, an object file which includes an animal class was created which initilized the basic information that was going to be inherited for all animals including name, speed, speciies, as well as current loction which describes where an animal is at distance-wise into the race as each second passes.

Next along in the process was the creation of each object file for each animal that was created which included a dog, a hare, a lion, as well as a penguin. Each of these of these files inherited from the main animal file while also including unique features to that animal. For example, the hare and penguin have extra abilities that they can bring into the race such as the hare's ability to take a nap in the middle of the race, as well as the penguin's ability to belly slide towards the finish line! 

Lastly, files were created that finalized the process by extracting all of the race data and displaying the results in an organized readable graph within the compiler's terminal. The RaceData file uses hard coded data as well as polymorphism to pull certain information that it needed for each animal from their respective files and classes. The hard coded data included other animal species that didn't have their own classes, but they still participated in the race. 

The Race file takes information from the other files such as animal name, speed, etc., and calculates the outcome of the race by determining which animal makes it the required distance first. It will display each animals location during the race as each second passes. This means that each second dispalys a graph of all animals and their location at that timestamp. It will also display the animal's name, speed, species, as well as a specialty if there is one present at that time. To end, the output will display the name of the animal that wins the race! Screenshots will be added to the repository to display the final outcome within the terminal.
